hi this is Pam dinner I have something
to share with you I'm going to
Scottsdale Arizona in February to attend
b2b marketing exchange this is a
conference that's specifically designed
and tailored for b2b marketers it's
literally a b2b marketers love fest all
right so if you want B to B marketers
you should check that out
guess what I will be doing they're doing
a keynote I will be talking about how
artificial intelligence it's already
impacting the every stage of a bias
engagement I'll explain what AI is what
is impact on marketing and also share
with you in terms of what are the
criteria or even the tools that you can
use to evaluate how AI can help you and
make your job effective or easier
another thing I will be doing is I'll be
doing a workshop and that workshop is
about sales enablement from marketers
perspective how to leverage existing
marketing elements creatively to enable
your sales team I will be sharing
specific know-how templates and also the
tips and tricks how you can better
engage with your sales team all right
and I will touch on account based
marketing sales and marketing alignments
even some of the platform tools that you
can consider using depending on what you
are doing
so Kino and workshop if you are
interested in attending please use the
promo code and the Pullman Kobe is b2b
MX dinner the idea in your again one
more time
b2b Amex dinner di D and E are you'll
get 25% off the conference pass so take
advantage of that savings if you decide
to come but either way will be great to
see you there all right February 24th
226 b2b marketing exchange Scottsdale
Arizona Right see you soon bye bye